[SYCL][Doc] Add improved guidelines for runtime test development (#5497)
intel/llvm: CONTRIBUTING.md

    **DPC++ headers and runtime tests**:

    - PRs changing the way PI APIs are called: provide a unit test for new behavior,
      see [Guidelines](sycl/doc/dev/RuntimeTestingGuidelines.md#Plugin-interface-mock)
    - PRs changing graph structure or nodes scheduling: provide a unit test for new
      behavior, see [Guidelines](sycl/doc/dev/RuntimeTestingGuidelines.md#SYCL-host-runtime-testing)
    - If PR adds a SYCL API, that is required by the specification to throw
      exceptions: provide a unit test for error path,
      see [Guidelines](sycl/doc/dev/RuntimeTestingGuidelines.md#Plugin-interface-mock)
    - PRs using "magic" builtins in device code: provide a LIT test for LLVM IR,
      generated with new code, see [Guidelines](sycl/doc/dev/RuntimeTestingGuidelines.md#sycl-device-headers)

>     - PRs adding new data types as part of ABI: provide a LIT test for new data type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - PRs adding new user accessible data types or making some type a part of SYCL library ABI: provide a LIT test for new data type
```
